Publish June 2020 RubyGems Updates (#57)
rubygems/rubygems.github.io: _posts/2020-07-15-june-rubygems-update.md

---
title: June 2020 RubyGems Updates
layout: post
author: Gift Egwuenu
---

Welcome to the RubyGems monthly update! As part of our efforts at [Ruby Together](http://rubytogether.org/), we publish a recap of the work that we’ve done the previous month. Read on to find out what updates were made to RubyGems and RubyGems.org in June.

## RubyGems News

> In June, RubyGems saw significant improvements on Bundler and RubyGems development. We worked on synchronizing the latest versions of both libraries with ruby-core, and fixed issues that came up. We also [enforced our ruby-core workflow](https://github.com/rubygems/rubygems/pull/3725) to try to prevent further tedious integrations with ruby-core in the future by catching issues early and minimizing the back and forth of patches between upstream and downstream.

Reviewer: I would mention initially, since it's the most important thing for users, that we released rubygems 3.2.0.rc.1 and bundler 2.2.0.rc.1. And then on a separate paragraph add all the detailed tasks that were done.

Author: Sure! I think that's a better structure.

We've also implemented a fix to [stop soft-validating gemspecs](https://github.com/rubygems/rubygems/pull/3668) (e.g. giving validations that only warn) except for in gem-authoring contexts. We also added a [slack notification to the maintainers channel](https://github.com/rubygems/rubygems/pull/3689) that triggers whenever the  `ruby-head` builds starts failing.

We [simplified our CI Workflows](https://github.com/rubygems/rubygems/pull/3769) and did some final cleanup PRs related to CI failures on `jruby`.

Lastly, onto great news for the month: we released Bundler 2.2.0.rc.1! 🎉

Outside of these major highlights, we continue to fix bugs, review PRs, improve our documentation, cleanup test suites, and continue our usual ongoing maintenance.

In total, [RubyGems](https://github.com/rubygems) gained [243 new commits](https://github.com/rubygems/rubygems/compare/master@%7B2020-06-01%7D...master@%7B2020-06-30%7D), contributed by 15 authors. There were 3003 additions and 2432 deletions across 313 files.

## RubyGems.org News

> This month, we added terraform module for RDS monitors and added alerts on `rubgems-production`, `rubygems-staging` and `shipit` instances. We followed up with fixes on RubyGems.org that have now been deployed and verified! We also debugged failed delayed jobs in production and created a [fix for issues we found with regex validation with user email.](https://github.com/rubygems/rubygems.org/pull/2389)

Reviewer 2: > fix for **issues** we found

Perhaps add following two as well since you are using issues. These are related to failed delayed job. 
https://github.com/rubygems/rubygems.org/pull/2406
https://github.com/rubygems/rubygems.org/pull/2388

Author: Sure thanks @sonalkr132

In addition to that, We made a PR to [send mail update confirmation when a user changes their email address](https://github.com/rubygems/rubygems.org/pull/2392),  added a RubyGems.org guide for rate limits, and made the following improvements:

> - increased HSTS max-time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
+ increased Strict-Transport-Security max-time to ensure HTTPS-only access
```

> - ran rake tasks locally and [added PR to update ext dep task to remove duplicate runtime deps.](https://github.com/rubygems/rubygems.org/pull/2382)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- updated [rake task to remove duplicate runtime dependencies](https://github.com/rubygems/rubygems.org/pull/2382)
```

- updated `versions.list` [source location from bundler-api to s3.](https://github.com/rubygems/rubygems.org/pull/2380) and added [cronjob to update the file monthly.](https://github.com/rubygems/rubygems.org/pull/2403)

> - ran rake tasks related to `compact_index` on staging and production.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- ran rake tasks related to `compact_index` which enabled bundler to make fewer to our server when installing some gems and fixed install of gems with multiple Ruby or Rubygems requirements
```

- updated correct checksum task to use non-caching info_checksum calc, rerun the task, and expire info cache of gems changed from production.

- [rebased and updated API keys scope PR](https://github.com/rubygems.org/pull/1962)

- updated and deployed rate limit changes to fix merge conflict and use test helpers. [rubygems.org#2330](https://github.com/rubygems.org/pull/2330)

> - added script and mailer for resetting leaked API keys.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- reset a few leaked API keys and send mail to affected users
```
